Activity 8
9.6.1 Defining Terms 

1.) Class
	- define or create an object
2.) Object
	- is a value in memory referenced by an identifier 
3.) Instatiate
	- creates an instance of a class
4.) Instance Variable 
	- creates variable of an object
5.) Instance Method
	- creates method of an object
6.) Class Variable or static member variables
	- variables in a class
7.) Constructor
	- call and initialize objects





9.6.2 Java Scavenger Hunt

	1.) Look for a method that checks if a certain String ends with a certain suffix. For
example, if the given string is "Hello", the method should return true the suffix given
is "lo", and false if the given suffix is "alp"

Class: String
Method Declaration: public boolean endsWith(String value)
Sample Usage:
String a = "Hello"
System.out.println(a.endsWith("lo"));

Output: true

System.out.println(a.endsWith("alp"));

Output: false


	2.) Look for the method that determines the character representation for a specific digit
in the specified radix. For example, if the input digit is 15, and the radix is 16, the
method would return the character F, since F is the hexadecimal representation for
the number 15 (base 10)

Class: Character
Method Declaration: public static char forDigit(int digit, int radix) 
Sample Usage:
char a = Character.forDigit(15,16);
System.out.println(a);

Output: F


	3.) Look for the method that terminates the currently running Java Virtual Machine

Class: System
Method Declaration: public static void exit(int i)
Sample Usage :
System.exit(0);


	4.) Look for the method that gets the floor of a double value. For example, if I input a
3.13, the method should return the value 3.

Class: Math
Method Declaration: public static double floor(double value)
Sample Usage:
System.out.println(Math.floor(3.13));

Output: 3


	5.) Look for the method that determines if a certain character is a digit. For example, if I
input '3', it returns the value true.

Class: Character
Method Declaration: public static boolean isDigit(char value)
Sample Usage :
System.out.println(Character.isDigit('a'));

Output: true